hi guys i'm elizabeth south and I'm here
today because I wanted to let you know
that I'm one of the very first people to
get an Apple watch and I thought that I
would give my own personal review what I
think about it um so far I'm really
loving it so I'm going to take the
camera and zoom in on the actual watch
and just show you some features and just
some thoughts that i have about it ok so
here is my Apple watch and if you notice
like when I put it down it's dark and
then when you lift it up to look at it
it automatically turns on also you can
just tap on it and it does the same
thing if it's off and so I have the
sports band with this stainless steel
watch itself ok so to customize the
watch face you just hold it like this
and then you can scroll over for
whatever look you want you can do Mickey
or any of those things you can customize
at deering thing and so I have mine like
this because i like all these features
here you know the weather and the
activity so to customize it you hold it
down click customize if you over here
you can change the color that's pretty
cool I like this color switch over here
and this you know you just tap on which
part you want to change so you can go
like this if you wanted to have this
feature like the the date or large or
you know they have all kinds of
different little things stopwatch and
stocks and stuff so I'm going to put it
right now on this one because it's
pretty cool alright and then you just
tap here or here and then what I like is
you know if you want to go check your
whether you just click on that and it
goes you know to the weather app which
take a second right now it's a little
slow internet and then you can click on
the the Rings here and that will take
you to your activity bank you know
circles and this is where I have my
criticism of the watch because the outer
ring which is the red one
counts calories and as you can see I I
am you know it's going to show you how
many you've burned but I'm a step person
I like to try to get 10,000 steps every
day and so I told them and kind of wrote
them and said I'd really like you to to
fix those I don't know if they will but
I'd like if they have the option four
steps so then that ring when you go to
your face see the outer ring would show
and that I can be checking really
quickly I can just look and see where I
am for my 10,000 steps go back but it is
really good because I had to try to
figure out how many calories would be
10,000 steps so at for now I think it's
more than that exercise you helping it
lets you know reminder to stand but it
does show your steps if you scroll up
like this here it is as you can see I
haven't done a lot of steps yet today um
calories and all that so you know it's
great I like it other than that then you
can screw up like this and take your
heart rate and and then you know you can
put different modes of the thing and
music and calendar and temperature yeah
it's really neat then click again here
and it shows your different apps so
you've got your apps um you can do like
a stopwatch it shapes I hit the wrong
one that was the phone um exercise me
see Twitter hmm ok and then that one
yeah so you could do a stopwatch or just
some really neat features um nothing
like you click this little thing and it
has like people like this is my mom and
she's here right now with me holding
camera actually and so I'm gonna call
her just show you what making a phone
call is like he'll call her phone yep
there we go and I'm gonna hang up cuz
she's not gonna answer it she's helping
me here you can click on this thing in
the middle and you can do like a message
to her like so it tells you if you want
to do a sketch heartbeat or tap so if
you want to do a sketch to send that
person sketch you can draw and go hi
some
that or you can do some really crazy
stuff okay and then um I really like
also this feature you have the heartbeat
so you have to do two fingers you hold
it oops but on second hold it oh why
they doing that say I still don't know
why very well ah there we go you can tap
them or poke them pretty neat features
so I am loving it i think and i think
that the the other criticism I have is
that if I wanted to go like on a run
somewhere like go out like on a trail
which I usually do treadmill but if I
wanted to do that you do have to have
the iphone within range like it doesn't
have to be on you but it has to be close
so you couldn't make a phone call or
send a text on a run without your phone
somewhere close by if this phone ever
got to the point where I mean if this
watch ever got to the point where you
could go running go take just leave the
phone at home it would be so like the
perfect perfect item although it's
pretty awesome but I'm sure that it will
be doing up they'll be having updates
and they'll be improving it how long so
I'll wait for those things but so far i
have a pretty positive review for it
hope you enjoyed watching my video